string interpolation escape example (#10966)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/string-interpolation.md

Note that Nix expressions and strings can be arbitrarily nested;
in this case the outer string contains various interpolated expressions that themselves contain strings (e.g., `"-thread"`), some of which in turn contain interpolated expressions (e.g., `${mesa}`).

> If you want to write a literal `${...}` you can escape them with two `'`s, see the [string] documentation for details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to write a literal `${...}` in a `''`-delimited string literal, you can escape the interpolation with two `'`s, as shown in the following example, or see the [string] documentation for details:
```

```nix

> output = ''
>   Shell value: ''${PATH}
>   ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nix-repl> ''
            echo ''${PATH}
          ''
"echo \${PATH}\n"
```
